plan b if you know is that they like
talk to you, I just see now it comes all around
world
the staff here takes a dance floor
kina we invaded kian a salam
already in the second the ball told the school d
we are voting here in the school of
dance countries here in são caetano do sul
and today it will take that x-ray and it's not that
This is the area everyone is doing.
turned dollar fever that here all
kind of dance you will find jazz
ballet and zumba ballroom dancing
Frevo
staff already prepared to start
Let's see what bug will let you
chekin
It's like the weather here is not for shooting.
What are you thinking about all this?
expensive situation is a monkey that we have
what to pay, huh?
it is for the general good it is for the good of the ballet already
went through this once his life is already
something very similar is the same
for now even the largest medical
all is that if you think it's harder
make the halliche the black swan
So I remember for sure it is
feeling this night I think it's going to
be fun is cool but it's
student interaction and make the thing
having fun at school that I do not think is
only Sa is the bar all fun
It is also up to you this year to
personal dancing how to do now will be
Such a little shame, right?
Know how to think the way you want
released today there is a fantasy of
excited for this is just a face of
animation that is not well known is not one
such vigor as we are feeling
By far your name, I forgot all about it
touch that child who lost as
Is your name where even Luisa 5 is
doing here today is chic you do not want
know from heavy schack radio
I thought I was a bit nervous about bread
A bit, I stopped there.
a really strange person coming to
a lady who is looking guy here with
Difficulty in locomotion is this rain
All of Sao Paulo is difficult, people are not
just as you normally see car is there I
I decided to get things out of the closet in
season makes my life easier
out of the closet then prepared for
dance in what are you going to do?
of dance
but there we will involve in a demonstration
behalf of his name am
Marian is only the famous scene head the
what a mother owl
The theme is 16 years old that you think about your
mother is seeing this situation that is
passing I think she already got used to it
with my attitude as well because I'm
very animated above all that the
geday g2 city is the site
now the girl here in the channel that the
People were joking that we came and
Let's dance to that for sure man.
woman and child all the staff spoke
here we want to know how to dance
now I will have proof that here is a
dancer alfred asther here on youtube
That's right and five about shikhov I'm already
ready to dance
it is good that this very well is cool
Basic but classic loan is death
It's been a long time since China did not
miss the next videos subscribe to the
channel by clicking on the square
left leaves the young is favorite has
a force the channel
this already subscribed want to see how was the
halliche to paris to tim launches
their activities by clicking on the square
on the right
is it guys thank you a finely chopped
of the deceased